You've never sung in front of me before
Mr. Lu privately
Never heard him sing
This
Mr. Lu's favorite is Jiang Yongrou's singing
Is he lip-synching Mr. Lu the clearest?
Now I kind of believe it.
He must have asked me to lip-synch
How did he make it?
My throat hurts, you know that
The reason why I don't open my voice in front of the public
Just to protect my throat
Give my fans an explanation
I didn't let you keep singing
Can you sing a little bit?
idiom
Are you really going to do this for this unknown woman?
Do you doubt me?
I sang this song to prove myself
But there is also a gap between our feelings
Is this really what you want?
Can't prove yourself
Start playing the relationship card
What are you?
Why do you question me? I didn't sing these songs.
Who else could have sung it?
Why are you so sure that your girlfriend is looking for a p field?
Do you have any evidence?
Still know something
Just open the rain
You'll know if what I'm talking about is really Yurou
sing